WXTOIMG TERMS
-------------
The WXtoImg programs (which include wxtoimg, xwxtoimg, wxrec, wxmap,
wxproj, and wxbatch) and documentation are not warranted to be free of
bugs.  You should backup your system before installing this software.
Because of the nature of the analog signals and complex processing
performed do not expect results of this program to be correct in any
or every instance.

The WXtoImg programs and documentation are supplied "AS IS".  Central
North Publishing Limited disclaims all warranties, expressed or
implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability
and of fitness for any purpose.  Central North Publishing Limited
assumes no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special,
exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of
the WXtoImg programs, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

The WXtoImg programs and documentation are not intended to be used where
life, health, safety, or property may be at risk.

The freeware edition of the WXtoImg software may be used for personal,
non-commercial purposes free of charge.  Additional features are available
only to those who upgrade their copies of the software.

Use by any commercial organisation, or any individual for commercial
purposes requires the purchase of a professional edition upgrade key.  An
upgrade key may be obtained from:
    Central North Publishing Limited
    P.O. Box 99597
    Newmarket
    Auckland
    New Zealand
    Email: http://www.wxtoimg.com/email.html
    URL: http://www.wxtoimg.com/reg/

The WXtoImg programs and documentation may only be redistributed
for personal use, on a non-commercial basis, and in their
original, unmodified packages.  No other redistribution is
permitted.  Central North Publishing Limited reserves the
right to stop redistribution.  Upgrade keys may be installed
on a single computer and may not be produced, distributed
or disclosed to other parties. You may install the upgrade
key on a laptop in addition to the primary computer as long
as you only run WXtoImg on one computer at a time.  You may
not disassemble, reverse engineer, decode or decrypt this
software or make use of information, code or algorithms
obtained in this way.

The WXtoImg programs are Copyright (c) 2001-2013 Central North
Publishing Limited. All rights reserved.